Bugs:
1) Either the scrollbar will but cut or chat messages :( Check stackoverflow for possible solution
2)

General:
1) What legally do I need before I register users. GDPR, Privacy Policy, Cookies, COPA?
2) Add an animation/logo as a placeholder when the page loads
3) What sizes should I consider when making the page responsive? What are popular sizes? It has to be mobile first of
course!
4) Can you do transitions between pages different? So let's say there are page A,B and C. If you transition A -> C, the animation is one style. If you go B -> C - animation is a different style. Is it easy to do that in React transitions and is it even going to be worth doing something like that? I won't have a lot of pages in total which might be a fun little experiment trying to make a composition between all the pages and a little Easter egg? But will it be worth the work? Good to try as an experiment with the 3 pages mentioned above, and the creative work that needs to be done might be quite expensive as well 
5) Motto - can't really go rebel on this one, since safety is quite important, eh?

Home page:
1) Buy Shutterstock 5x2 images so I don't have to deal with legal bs? Or better not use any actual faces?
2) Change button to gradient + add transition on hover
3) Draw 3 awesome SVGs showing the underlying headers visually: Quality, Safety, Community

Login/Signup:
1) Should I hide the Login button? Or replace it with something else?
2) Is there a way to make the button to fade away smoothly together with the rest of the content? I tried putting the
button outside of Nav and moving it between CSSTransition tags, but it would still be clunky. Can you specify a specific
component names to which the CSSTransition will apply and ignore the rest, even tho they're between the tags?

About:


Contact:
1) Should I figure out how to make select with a rounded corners to tie into the design of things or should I just
skip it altogether and rely on the message alone? I guess I can always add that later to categorize stuff

Not found:
1) Do a creative, funny picture that will be a good marketing tool that potential users might share; Something that is
related to conversations. Like "We're sorry that you've ended up here, how about <a>talking to someone</a> to make your
feel better? :)"

Coding:
1) Move all the colors to a single colors.js to reuse easily throughout the system?

Ideas:
1) When someone reports a bad behavior, thank them for their contribution and inform them that the measures were taken
